     1)	Introduction to Python and its Features (simple, high-level, interpreted language).

         Python is widely used general-purpose high-level programming language. It was initially designed by Guido van Rossum in 1991 and
         developed by python software foundation.
         Feature: -  
                 Simple and easy to learn: -
                            Clean, clear syntax. Very few keyword.
                 Hight-level: -
                             Python is suitable for small-scale projects as well as enterprise-level application.
                 Interpreted language:-
                             Python is an interpreted object oriented high level programming language with dynamic semantics.


     2)History and evolution of Python.
         
       It is mainly developed for emphasis on code readability and its syntax allows programmer to express concept in fewer line of code.
       Reduce development time,code is 2-10x shorter than c,c++,java.
       1991=python
       2000=python 2
       2008=python 3
       2024=python 3.13.0   
      
     3)Advantages of using Python over other programming languages.
       
       Python supports modules and packages which encourages program modularity and code reuse.
       Improved program maintenance, code is extremely readable.
       Works Everywhere like as on Windows, macOS, Linux, and even mobile devices.
       Variable do not need declaration.
     
     4)Installing Python and setting up the development environment (Anaconda, PyCharm, or VSCode).
      
      Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
      Download VS Code:
      Visit the VS Code website and download it for your OS.
      Install Python Extension:
      Open VS Code.
      Go to the Extensions view (Ctrl+Shift+X or Cmd+Shift+X).
      Search for "Python" and install the official extension by Microsoft.
      Set up Python Interpreter:
      Open any Python file or create a new one.
      Click on the interpreter selection in the bottom-left corner and choose your installed Python version. 

     5)Writing and executing your first Python program.

       Open an text editor like as vscode.
       print("Hello World")
       Save the file with extension .py
       
